Usage.md, before:

# Usage: Litmusctl v0.3.0 (Non-Interactive mode)
> Notes:
> * For litmusctl v0.3.0 or latest
> * Compatible with Litmus 2.0.0-Beta9 or latest

### litmusctl Syntax
`litmusctl` has a syntax to use as follows:

```shell
litmusctl [command] [TYPE] [flags]
```
* Command: refers to what you do want to perform (create, get and config)
* Type: refers to the feature type you are performing a command against (agent, project etc.)
* Flags: It takes some additional information for resource operations. For example, `--installation-mode` allows you to specify an installation mode.

Litmusctl is using the `.litmusconfig` config file to manage multiple accounts
1. If the --config flag is set, then only the given file is loaded. The flag may only be set once and no merging takes place.
2. Otherwise, the ${HOME}/.litmusconfig file is used, and no merging takes place.

Litmusctl supports both interactive and non-interactive(flag based) modes.
> Only `litmusctl create agent`  command needs --non-interactive flag, other commands don't need this flag to be in non-interactive mode. If mandatory flags aren't passed, then litmusctl takes input in an interactive mode.

### Installation modes
Litmusctl can install an agent in two different modes.
* cluster mode: With this mode, the agent can run the chaos in any namespace. It installs appropriate cluster roles and cluster role bindings to achieve this mode. It can be enabled by passing a flag `--installation-mode=cluster`

* namespace mode: With this mode, the agent can run the chaos in its namespace. It installs appropriate roles and role bindings to achieve this mode. It can be enabled by passing a flag `--installation-mode=namespace`

Note: With namespace mode, the user needs to create the namespace to install the agent as a prerequisite.

### Minimal steps to create an agent

* To setup an account with litmusctl
```shell
litmusctl config set-account --endpoint="" --username="" --password=""
```

* To create an agent without a project
>Note: If the user doesn't have any project, it will create a random project and add the agent in that random project.
```shell
litmusctl create agent --agent-name="" --non-interactive
```

### Or,

* To create an agent with an existing project
> Note: To get `project-id`. Apply `litmusctl get projects`

```shell
litmusctl create agent --agent-name="" --project-id="" --non-interactive
```

### Flags for `create agent` command
<table>
<tr>
    <th>Flag</th>
    <th>Short Flag</th>
    <th>Type</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <tr>
        <td>--agent-description</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the agent description (default "---")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--agent-name</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the cluster-type to external for external agents | Supported=external/internal (default "external")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--cluster-type</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the cluster-type to external for external agents | Supported=external/internal (default "external")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--installation-mode</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the installation mode for the kind of agent | Supported=cluster/namespace (default "cluster")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--kubeconfig</td>
        <td>-k</td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set to pass kubeconfig file if it is not in the default location ($HOME/.kube/config)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--namespace</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the namespace for the agent installation (default "litmus")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--node-selector</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the node-selector for agent components | Format: key1=value1,key2=value2)
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--non-interactive</td>
        <td>-n</td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set it to true for non interactive mode | Note: Always set the boolean flag as --non-interactive=Boolean</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--ns-exists</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>Set the --ns-exists=false if the namespace mentioned in the --namespace flag is not existed else set it to --ns-exists=true | Note: Always set the boolean flag as --ns-exists=Boolean</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--platform-name</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the platform name. Supported- AWS/GKE/Openshift/Rancher/Others (default "Others")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--sa-exists</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>Set the --sa-exists=false if the service-account mentioned in the --service-account flag is not existed else set it to --sa-exists=true | Note: Always set the boolean flag as --sa-exists=Boolean"</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--service-account</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the service account to be used by the agent (default "litmus")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--config</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>config file (default is $HOME/.litmusctl)</td>
    </tr>
</table>


### Additional commands

* To view the current configuration of `.litmusconfig`, type:
```shell
litmusctl config view
```

**Output:**
```
accounts:
- users:
  - expires_in: "1626897027"
    token: eyJhbGciOiJIUzUxMiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJleHAiOjE2MjY4OTcwMjcsInJvbGUiOiJhZG1pbiIsInVpZCI6ImVlODZkYTljLTNmODAtNGRmMy04YzQyLTExNzlhODIzOTVhOSIsInVzZXJuYW1lIjoiYWRtaW4ifQ.O_hFcIhxP4rhyUN9NEVlQmWesoWlpgHpPFL58VbJHnhvJllP5_MNPbrRMKyFvzW3hANgXK2u8437u
    username: admin
  - expires_in: "1626944602"
    token: eyJhbGciOiJIUzUxMiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJleHAiOjE2MjY5NDQ2MDIsInJvbGUiOiJ1c2VyIiwidWlkIjoiNjFmMDY4M2YtZWY0OC00MGE1LWIzMjgtZTU2ZDA2NjM1MTE4IiwidXNlcm5hbWUiOiJyYWoifQ.pks7xjkFdJD649RjCBwQuPF1_QMoryDWixSKx4tPAqXI75ns4sc-yGhMdbEvIZ3AJSvDaqTa47XTC6c8R
    username: litmus-user
  endpoint: https://preview.litmuschaos.io
apiVersion: v1
current-account: https://preview.litmuschaos.io
current-user: litmus-user
kind: Config
```

* To get an overview of the accounts available within `.litmusconfig`, use the `config get-accounts` command:

```shell
litmusctl config get-accounts
```

**Output:**

```
CURRENT  ENDPOINT                         USERNAME  EXPIRESIN
         https://preview.litmuschaos.io   admin     2021-07-22 01:20:27 +0530 IST
*        https://preview.litmuschaos.io   raj       2021-07-22 14:33:22 +0530 IST
```

* To alter the current account use the `use-account` command with the --endpoint and --username flags:
```shell
litmusctl config use-account --endpoint="" --username=""
```

* To create a project, apply the following command with the `--name` flag:
```shell
litmusctl create project --name=""
```

* To view all the projects with the user, use the `get projects` command.
```shell
litmusctl get projects
```

**Output:**

```
PROJECT ID                                PROJECT NAME       CREATEDAT
50addd40-8767-448c-a91a-5071543a2d8e      Developer Project  2021-07-21 14:38:51 +0530 IST     
7a4a259a-1ae5-4204-ae83-89a8838eaec3      DevOps Project     2021-07-21 14:39:14 +0530 IST     
```


* To get an overview of the agents available within a project, issue the following command.
```shell
litmusctl get agents --project-id=""
```

**Output:**

```
AGENTID                                AGENTNAME          STATUS 
55ecc7f2-2754-43aa-8e12-6903e4c6183a   agent-1            ACTIVE 
13dsf3d1-5324-54af-4g23-5331g5v2364f   agent-2            INACTIVE
```


For more information related to flags, Use `litmusctl --help`.

----

Commit message:

Changing name from litmusctl to chaosctl (#1)
Signed-off-by: rajdas98 <mail.rajdas@gmail.com>

Usage.md, after:

# Usage: ChaosCTL v0.3.0 (Non-Interactive mode)

### chaosctl Syntax
`chaosctl` has a syntax to use as follows:

```shell
chaosctl [command] [TYPE] [flags]
```
* Command: refers to what you do want to perform (create, get and config)
* Type: refers to the feature type you are performing a command against (agent, project etc.)
* Flags: It takes some additional information for resource operations. For example, `--installation-mode` allows you to specify an installation mode.

chaosctl is using the `.chaosconfig` config file to manage multiple accounts
1. If the --config flag is set, then only the given file is loaded. The flag may only be set once and no merging takes place.
2. Otherwise, the ${HOME}/.chaosconfig file is used, and no merging takes place.

chaosctl supports both interactive and non-interactive(flag based) modes.
> Only `chaosctl create agent`  command needs --non-interactive flag, other commands don't need this flag to be in non-interactive mode. If mandatory flags aren't passed, then chaosctl takes input in an interactive mode.

### Installation modes
chaosctl can install an agent in two different modes.
* cluster mode: With this mode, the agent can run the chaos in any namespace. It installs appropriate cluster roles and cluster role bindings to achieve this mode. It can be enabled by passing a flag `--installation-mode=cluster`

* namespace mode: With this mode, the agent can run the chaos in its namespace. It installs appropriate roles and role bindings to achieve this mode. It can be enabled by passing a flag `--installation-mode=namespace`

Note: With namespace mode, the user needs to create the namespace to install the agent as a prerequisite.

### Minimal steps to create an agent

* To setup an account with chaosctl
```shell
chaosctl config set-account --endpoint="" --username="" --password=""
```

* To create an agent without a project
>Note: If the user doesn't have any project, it will create a random project and add the agent in that random project.
```shell
chaosctl create agent --agent-name="" --non-interactive
```

### Or,

* To create an agent with an existing project
> Note: To get `project-id`. Apply `chaosctl get projects`

```shell
chaosctl create agent --agent-name="" --project-id="" --non-interactive
```

### Flags for `create agent` command
<table>
<tr>
    <th>Flag</th>
    <th>Short Flag</th>
    <th>Type</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <tr>
        <td>--agent-description</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the agent description (default "---")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--agent-name</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the cluster-type to external for external agents | Supported=external/internal (default "external")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--cluster-type</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the cluster-type to external for external agents | Supported=external/internal (default "external")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--installation-mode</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the installation mode for the kind of agent | Supported=cluster/namespace (default "cluster")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--kubeconfig</td>
        <td>-k</td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set to pass kubeconfig file if it is not in the default location ($HOME/.kube/config)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--namespace</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the namespace for the agent installation (default "litmus")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--node-selector</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the node-selector for agent components | Format: key1=value1,key2=value2)
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--non-interactive</td>
        <td>-n</td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set it to true for non interactive mode | Note: Always set the boolean flag as --non-interactive=Boolean</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--ns-exists</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>Set the --ns-exists=false if the namespace mentioned in the --namespace flag is not existed else set it to --ns-exists=true | Note: Always set the boolean flag as --ns-exists=Boolean</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--platform-name</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the platform name. Supported- AWS/GKE/Openshift/Rancher/Others (default "Others")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--sa-exists</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>Set the --sa-exists=false if the service-account mentioned in the --service-account flag is not existed else set it to --sa-exists=true | Note: Always set the boolean flag as --sa-exists=Boolean"</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--service-account</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Set the service account to be used by the agent (default "litmus")</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--config</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>config file (default is $HOME/.chaosconfig)</td>
    </tr>
</table>


### Additional commands

* To view the current configuration of `.chaosconfig`, type:
```shell
chaosctl config view
```

**Output:**
```
accounts:
- users:
  - expires_in: "1626897027"
    token: eyJhbGciOiJIUzUxMiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJleHAiOjE2MjY4OTcwMjcsInJvbGUiOiJhZG1pbiIsInVpZCI6ImVlODZkYTljLTNmODAtNGRmMy04YzQyLTExNzlhODIzOTVhOSIsInVzZXJuYW1lIjoiYWRtaW4ifQ.O_hFcIhxP4rhyUN9NEVlQmWesoWlpgHpPFL58VbJHnhvJllP5_MNPbrRMKyFvzW3hANgXK2u8437u
    username: admin
  - expires_in: "1626944602"
    token: eyJhbGciOiJIUzUxMiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJleHAiOjE2MjY5NDQ2MDIsInJvbGUiOiJ1c2VyIiwidWlkIjoiNjFmMDY4M2YtZWY0OC00MGE1LWIzMjgtZTU2ZDA2NjM1MTE4IiwidXNlcm5hbWUiOiJyYWoifQ.pks7xjkFdJD649RjCBwQuPF1_QMoryDWixSKx4tPAqXI75ns4sc-yGhMdbEvIZ3AJSvDaqTa47XTC6c8R
    username: litmus-user
  endpoint: https://preview.litmuschaos.io
apiVersion: v1
current-account: https://preview.litmuschaos.io
current-user: litmus-user
kind: Config
```

* To get an overview of the accounts available within `.chaosconfig`, use the `config get-accounts` command:

```shell
chaosctl config get-accounts
```

**Output:**

```
CURRENT  ENDPOINT                         USERNAME  EXPIRESIN
         https://preview.litmuschaos.io   admin     2021-07-22 01:20:27 +0530 IST
*        https://preview.litmuschaos.io   raj       2021-07-22 14:33:22 +0530 IST
```

* To alter the current account use the `use-account` command with the --endpoint and --username flags:
```shell
chaosctl config use-account --endpoint="" --username=""
```

* To create a project, apply the following command with the `--name` flag:
```shell
chaosctl create project --name=""
```

* To view all the projects with the user, use the `get projects` command.
```shell
chaosctl get projects
```

**Output:**

```
PROJECT ID                                PROJECT NAME       CREATEDAT
50addd40-8767-448c-a91a-5071543a2d8e      Developer Project  2021-07-21 14:38:51 +0530 IST     
7a4a259a-1ae5-4204-ae83-89a8838eaec3      DevOps Project     2021-07-21 14:39:14 +0530 IST     
```


* To get an overview of the agents available within a project, issue the following command.
```shell
chaosctl get agents --project-id=""
```

**Output:**

```
AGENTID                                AGENTNAME          STATUS 
55ecc7f2-2754-43aa-8e12-6903e4c6183a   agent-1            ACTIVE 
13dsf3d1-5324-54af-4g23-5331g5v2364f   agent-2            INACTIVE
```


For more information related to flags, Use `chaosctl --help`.

----
